While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Just go ahead and press that button.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
Greetings from the real universe.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
She was too short to see over the fence.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
The book is in front of the table.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Greetings from the real universe.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.


